Release v1.22.0 (#1592)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.22.0 (18/02/2025)

**Common**

> * Added a CMake check to not change the C++ standard if it's already set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a CMake check not to change the C++ standard if it's already set.
```

> * Added a CMake check to not change the C++ standard if it's already set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a CMake check to prevent changing the C++ standard if it's already set.
```

> * Changed log severity on some messages to decrease log size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the log severity on some messages to decrease log size.
```

> * Added a CMake check to not change C++ standard if it's already set before.
> * Changed log severity on some messages to decrease log size.
> * Fixed getting started guide URL in README.md.
> * Removed propagation of the -Werror build option from LevelDB to parent projects if LevelDB is not installed.
> * Updated recommended version for Boost library to 1.82. The recommended version is downloaded and built if the library is not installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a CMake check to not change the C++ standard if it's already already set.
* Changed log severity on some messages to decrease log size.
* Fixed the Getting Started guide URL in README.md.
* Removed propagation of the -Werror build option from LevelDB to the parent projects if LevelDB is not installed.
* Updated the recommended Boost library version to 1.82. This version is downloaded and built if the library is not installed.
```

Author: applied with 'already already set' changes to 'already set'

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * Added optional `olp::http::authentication::Settings::scope` field. It is attached to token requests and can be used on the server side in the authentication process.
> * Fixed compilation on the latest Clang deployed on MacOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the optional `olp::http::authentication::Settings::scope` field. It is attached to token requests and can be used on the server side in the authentication process.
* Fixed compilation issues with the latest Clang deployed on macOS.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-core**

> * Added `OLP_SDK_DISABLE_LOCATION_LOGGING` CMake option. If enabled, the log message locations are not generated by the compiler to create binaries with smaller sizes.
> * Added `olp::client::ErrorCode::Offline` error code to explicitly indicate an absence of network connectivity.
> * Added `olp::http::HarCaptureAdapter` class to capture network requests and generate HAR files.
> * Added `olp::http::NetworkWinHttp::ResultData::log_context` field to ease requests lifecycle debugging.
> * Added optional `olp::http::NetworkResponse::diagnostics_` field of `olp::http::Diagnostics` type to report network request handling timings. Used with cURL versions higher than 7.61.
> * Fixed `olp::client::HttpResponse` network statistics handling while being copied.
> * Removed `com.here.olp.network.HttpClient.Request.maxRetries` class variable used in Android network implementation requests retries. Retries are expected to be implemented on the application level.
> * Removed `olp::http::NetworkAndroid::ResetRequest(...)` method used in Android network implementation requests retries. Retries are expected to be implemented on the application level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `OLP_SDK_DISABLE_LOCATION_LOGGING` CMake option. If enabled, log message locations are not generated by the compiler to create binaries with smaller sizes.
* Added the `olp::client::ErrorCode::Offline` error code to explicitly indicate the absence of network connectivity.
* Added the `olp::http::HarCaptureAdapter` class to capture network requests and generate HAR files.
* Added the `olp::http::NetworkWinHttp::ResultData::log_context` field facilitate request lifecycle debugging.
* Added an optional `olp::http::NetworkResponse::diagnostics_` field of the `olp::http::Diagnostics` type to report timings of network request handlings. Used with cURL versions higher than 7.61.
* Fixed the `olp::client::HttpResponse` network statistics handling while being copied.
* Removed the `com.here.olp.network.HttpClient.Request.maxRetries` class variable used in Android network implementation requests retries. Retries are expected to be implemented on the application level.
* Removed  the `olp::http::NetworkAndroid::ResetRequest(...)` method used in Android network implementation requests retries. Retries are expected to be implemented on the application level.
```

Author: applied with 'field facilitate' changed to 'field to facilitate'

> * Removed  the `olp::http::NetworkAndroid::ResetRequest(...)` method used in Android network implementation requests retries. Retries are expected to be implemented on the application level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed  the `olp::http::NetworkAndroid::ResetRequest(...)` method used in Android network implementation requests retries. The retries are expected to be implemented on the application level.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Added double-buffering to `olp::dataservice::read::repository::RapidJsonByteStream` to decrease single JSON processing time and reduce memory footprint size.
> * Fixed `compressedDataSize` field parsing by `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PartitionsSaxHandler` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added double-buffering to `olp::dataservice::read::repository::RapidJsonByteStream` to decrease single JSON processing time and reduce memory footprint size.
* Fixed issues with the `compressedDataSize` field parsing by the `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PartitionsSaxHandler` class.
```
